# པ་ཀྲ་ཧེ་། Bazahei: The first ICP-XRP cross-chain NFT
#### Building for Dfinity Supernova Hackthon in 2022

## Introduction
The Internet Computer Protocol (ICP) is the fastest and most scalable general-purpose blockchain. It extends the Internet with computation: ICP allows Dapps to run 100% on-chain as it can serve web contents directly on browsers. Compared to Ethereum, the ICP is cheaper, faster, upgradable and fall-stack development friendly. Since the ICP community has established one of the strongest GameFi&SocialFi ecologies in the world, the NFT digital assets based on ICP are rising due to the straight path to the ecology. In 2022, the NFT projects launched on ICP are exponentially growing, but the value of the total assets is suppressed by the bear market of ICP native tokens. 

XRP, one of the OG blockchain networks since 2012 (older than Etherum), focusing on cross-border payments and central bank digital currency solutions, just launched NFT R&D and in 2021 to leverage the success from fungible token to non-fungible. According to the [tility-Based NFTs: Solving Real-World Problems in Media & Entertainment” by Ripple labs](https://ripple.com/insights/utility-based-nfts-solving-real-world-problems-in-media-entertainment/), the NFT development will focus on utility-based NFT to solve the real problems in Media & Entertainment such as licensing and ownership, which align the Itoka team vision to disrupt the traditional music industry by decentralization.  If the XRP establishes the NFT ecosystem in the near future, this multi-billion dollar crypto market will be active since NFT will be the only assets for XRP current holders to invest within its ecosystem.  
	
It would be very interesting and impactful to bring ICP and XRP together to talk about NFT.  If we can bring the ICP NFT value to the Tuhao (meaning financially independent in Chinese) XRP community who cannot enjoy smart contracts and NFT yet, the infrastructure development would be greatly appreciated by both communities and end up with a win-win for everyone. Therefore, Itoka team build the cross-chain framework to approach it by issuing a collection of image NFTs called Ba-Za-Hei(པ་ཀྲ་ཧེ་།, 巴扎嘿) to prove the concept, along with our ICP-XRP bridge canister implemented by motoko. Bazahei NFTs is the first NFT collection that can freely migrate between ICP and XRP. It is in honor of nomad singers from the Tibetan area in Sichuan, China. It revitalizes the long-forgotten art through decentralized web and symbolizes the beginning of amalgamation of two once insulated communities.

Refer full documentation on [Devpot](https://supernova.devpost.com/) 

## How to use?
